Fixed potential typo in index.md (#38)
godot-rust/gdext-book: src/index.md

- [**GDNative**][ref-godot-gdnative]: C API provided by Godot 3.
- [**gdext**][github-gdext] (lowercase): the Rust binding for GDExtension (Godot 4) -- what this book focuses on.
- [**gdnative**][github-gdnative] (lowercase): the Rust binding for GDNative (Godot 3).

> - **Extension**: An extension is a library written in C, or another language binding, using GDExtension. It can be loaded by Godot 4.

Reviewer: That's not really correct -- it's always a C library, independently of the language it is written in. But it's almost never written in C itself (there's no official C binding yet). C ABI is the interface.

```suggestion
- **Extension**: An extension is a dynamic C library, developed by any language binding (Rust, C++, Swift, ...). It uses the GDExtension API and can be loaded by Godot 4.
```
